README.md, before:

# CSS Alphabetize

[![Open in Visual Studio Code](https://open.vscode.dev/badges/open-in-vscode.svg)](https://open.vscode.dev/mattkenefick/vscode-css-alphabetize)
[![Visual Studio Marketplace Version](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/polymermallard.css-alphabetize.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=polymermallard.css-alphabetize)
[![Visual Studio Marketplace Installs](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/i/polymermallard.css-alphabetize.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=polymermallard.css-alphabetize)
[![Backers on Patreon](https://img.shields.io/badge/backer-Patreon-orange.svg)](https://www.patreon.com/mattkenefick)
[![Backers on Paypal](https://img.shields.io/badge/backer-Paypal-blue.svg)](https://paypal.me/polymermallard)

Alphabetizes properties within your CSS/SASS files.

![CSS Alphabetize example](./assets/css-alphabetize.gif)


## Usage

Defaults to alphabetizing the entire file's properties, but can also isolate to selections. If you want to alphabetize a selection, make sure you select an entire block. e.g.

```
div {
    color: red;
    background: blue;
}
```

Rather than:

```
    color: red;
    background: blue;
```


## Configuration

You can adjust the brackets to use this plugin more generically. It defaults to curly braces `{` / `}` but could be adjusted to anything you want deemed as an opening / closing.


## Key Bindings

`shift+cmd+a` will alphabetize your file / selection


## Release Notes

### 0.0.1

Initial creation of CSS Alphabetize

Commit message:

Update readme, icon, and version

README.md, after:

# CSS Alphabetize

[![Open in Visual Studio Code](https://open.vscode.dev/badges/open-in-vscode.svg)](https://open.vscode.dev/mattkenefick/vscode-css-alphabetize)
[![Visual Studio Marketplace Version](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/polymermallard.css-alphabetize.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=polymermallard.css-alphabetize)
[![Visual Studio Marketplace Installs](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/i/polymermallard.css-alphabetize.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=polymermallard.css-alphabetize)
[![Backers on Patreon](https://img.shields.io/badge/backer-Patreon-orange.svg)](https://www.patreon.com/mattkenefick)
[![Backers on Paypal](https://img.shields.io/badge/backer-Paypal-blue.svg)](https://paypal.me/polymermallard)

Alphabetizes properties within your CSS/SASS files.

![CSS Alphabetize example](./assets/css-alphabetize.gif)


## Usage

Defaults to alphabetizing the entire file's properties, but can also isolate to selections. If you want to alphabetize a selection, make sure you select an entire block. e.g.

```
div {
    color: red;
    background: blue;
}
```

Rather than:

```
    color: red;
    background: blue;
```


## Configuration

You can adjust the brackets to use this plugin more generically. It defaults to curly braces `{` / `}` but could be adjusted to anything you want deemed as an opening / closing.


## Key Bindings

`shift+alt+a` will alphabetize your file / selection


## Release Notes

### 0.1.1

Update icon + key command in README

### 0.0.1

Initial creation of CSS Alphabetize
